OSDOCS-5187: Revise storage section to MicroShift-specific (#55611)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/storage-persistent-storage-overview.adoc

[id=persistent-storage-overview_{context}]
= Persistent storage overview

Managing storage is a distinct problem from managing compute resources. {product-title} uses the Kubernetes persistent volume (PV) framework to allow cluster administrators to provision persistent storage for a cluster. Developers can use persistent volume claims (PVCs) to request PV resources
without having specific knowledge of the underlying storage infrastructure.

> PVCs are specific to a project, and are created and used by developers as a means to use a PV. PV resources on their own are not scoped to any single project; they can be shared across the entire {product-title} cluster and claimed from any project. After a PV is bound to a PVC, that PV can not then be bound to additional PVCs. This has the effect of scoping a bound PV to a single namespace, that of the binding project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PVCs are specific to a namespace, and are created and used by developers as a means to use a PV. PV resources on their own are not scoped to any single namespace; they can be shared across the entire {product-title} cluster and claimed from any namespace. After a PV is bound to a PVC, that PV can not then be bound to additional PVCs. This has the effect of scoping a bound PV to a single namespace.
```

MicroShift does not support the project api. Using it interchangeably with namespace might cause some confusion for readers.

PVs are defined by a `PersistentVolume` API object, which represents a piece of existing storage in the cluster that was either statically provisioned by the cluster administrator or dynamically provisioned using a `StorageClass` object. It is a resource in the cluster just like a node is a cluster resource.

> PVs are volume plugins like `Volumes` but have a lifecycle that is independent of any individual pod that uses the PV. PV objects capture the details of the implementation of the storage, be that NFS, iSCSI, or a cloud-provider-specific storage system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PVs are volume plugins like `Volumes` but have a lifecycle that is independent of any individual pod that uses the PV. PV objects capture the details of the implementation of the storage, be that LVM, the host filesystem (i.e. hostpath) or raw block devices.
```

I figure it's better to use storage that doesn't inherently support network access as examples.

[IMPORTANT]
====
High availability of storage in the infrastructure is left to the underlying
storage provider.
====

> PVCs are defined by a `PersistentVolumeClaim` API object, which represents a request for storage by a developer. It is similar to a pod in that pods consume node resources and PVCs consume PV resources. For example, pods can request specific levels of resources, such as CPU and memory, while PVCs can request specific storage capacity and access modes. For example, they can be mounted once read-write or many times read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like `PersistentVolumes`, `PersistentVolumeClaims` (PVCs) are an API object, which represents a request for storage by a developer. It is similar to a pod in that pods consume node resources and PVCs consume PV resources. For example, pods can request specific levels of resources, such as CPU and memory, while PVCs can request specific storage capacity and access modes.  Access modes supported by OpenShift are also definable in MicroShift. However, due to the fact that MicroShift does not support multi-node deployments, only ReadWriteOnce (RWO) is pertinent.
```

Reviewer: A supporting link to OpenShift docs on access modes may be useful as well.
